São Paulo received with much celebration and
Merry Christmas
musical overproduction of the show
launch of your new cd grace
happened last Friday in a
big house of show in the São Paulo capital
thousands of people in the house queues
full
a night full of our holy spirit
without much emotion yesterday
I got to sleep, baby, I love the line.
her songs are beautiful and uplifting cd
It's beautiful, it's means and it's free and I
sure that we will be graced with
the presence of God tonight nervousness
and anxiety were mixed at this time a
very important night for this great
handmaid of god prayer time and
before the show.
thank and praise the Lord we speak
sometimes limited in the chest that is
night will be possible the children will
study and neither are we the team just came back
here we are here together and we are going
make the difference with the champion would be
that lack and that the glory of God
bath in this place
elza the law is a big party result
from a job that has already
gold record in just three days of
bandages
I am very much looking forward to the
night beach if for this event here in
São Paulo is not even thinking about this
moment of launch is free that a
cd that has already left thousands of
people have made a difference has caused
impact so strong in the lives of
people and I'm sure God will
surprise us even more for that day
so special and so remarkable here in
city ​​of sampa company three dance
and musicians who are part of the history of
revive praise also came to
and magnify the event aline barros is a
pastor a servant of god and god has a
very special ministry for me to
people are with a price the company of
dance here also representing the church
finances this function is for us a
great privilege the responsibility is
a project here we do special together
with aline barros that is an icon of
gospel brazil is the reborn church
in Christ that does not stop growing and
to take the name of the Lord
ministries
increasingly magnifying that which is
dignified
ae